hey guys the type of man and Here I am
today doing a naruto headband review yes
I've been putting this one on for a
while yeah I've had four in the past
yeah I've only got three now and this
one's going to be going away soon to a
friend for their birthday dash Christmas
present lies these are the ones I
currently own I'll let you know when
Sand Village one goes otherwise these
are the different forehead protectors
from the naruto show about plenty more
other ones than these there's not just
these there's a whole other different
variety but I'm protagonist Council in
the village hidden and leaves in the
Land of Fire which some reason didn't
make much sense well anyway I have to
say the show was rather interesting
because each village has their own
ninjas and they have their own symbol on
their own forehead protectors so I eat
so it makes their develop them
distinguishable and lets you know for
once you finish their from this is
village hidden in the sand because it's
like a pot of sand the lid this is the
village hidden in the leaves yet know
what I don't know why it looks like a
birdie because you can see that it'll
beat then you can see the spiral yeah
and then this is the village hidden
sounds one of the main bad guys of one
of the old bad guys of the show made
that one that head back made that
village up just as a cover village but
then it became a village but it's not
very nice village right this is all my
stuff like I've shown this in a past
review my kunai which is one of the
ninja tools that they would use in
Naruto that's a very good Cunnane beat
the other and then also a shuriken which
is the ninja throwing stars very cool
very cool now very good all right this
is up a command saying bye bye